[Music]
[Applause]
has been wonderful from the time that we
moved on from Rama Lakshmi made 2011 to
upper body with Rome Isis
[Music]
[Applause]
it's all about the way we actually
shaped our houses in the house is up for
innovation it's going to get more
colorful much better and you know you
have to go out step out of the house for
a couple of needs couple of months well
one is a sea break and another one is
tea break we'll have fond memories of
going for chai outside in the top three
then as you know working is for more
than nine hours a day
it becomes a second home to us
[Music]
[Applause]
with the traffic and then you
struggling with the lift takes an
eternity to reach office so whether it
is like a mothership so we are looking
forward to going back and maybe to a
much better much funky office now
[Music]
good morning and welcome home
each overton 2.0
[Applause]
we want all of you to give a big round
of applause - where's Lassiter on where
the Rooneys and Greece
[Music]
so when we are thinking of redesigning
our new head office we want to create a
workspace that's open colorful fun where
people can come and enjoy themselves
[Music]
we also wanted to have a theme which
kind of tied all the workspaces together
the theme that we've gone with it's a
theme of sports and in each of these
floors not only have you gone with that
one theme for the collaboration space
and each of the meeting room names have
been picked up from some element of the
sport the canteen is again something
that you wanted to do very differently
we wanted to use the Bombay Street theme
so that's been the whole idea of this
building and I'm really really excited
to be here personally and I'm really
hopeful that all of you who come here to
work every single day find it as
exciting as we did when we think of you
know building and designing this to me
they're no better lessons to be learnt
then being into any sports
you've got futsal we've got cricket
we've got chess we are in the business
of maintaining help mentally and
physically no other better way then to
use both as one of the proxies to do
this this office has been designed in a
very nice as well as unique way and what
I found particularly interesting about
this office was a lot of open spaces
places to interact informally I find
these kind of open spaces meditative
bringing more amount of calmness as well
as equanimity into business I hope you
all enjoy the stay at this office as
well as interact as much as possible so
that it is a very happy and productive
place given the fact that I said I
Lombard is known in the market for being
on the forefront of technology why not
give the whole office experience through
an app the ozone happens many features
the first main feature is it helps you
get your food it has option for ordering
the stuff when you're in meeting rooms
there are small video clips in the
app to tell you how to order meals at
the canteen or how to book your bus
service more interestingly the app has
notifications enabled so when you're
moving around office you'll have these
small pop-ups that come in your phone
and these will tell you about the
interesting points and office since for
the first few days to be advisable to
keep your Bluetooth on as you
office as we go by we will be
introducing more and more features into
the app I think it's only befitting with
the image of Isis in Lombard being a
technology leader that our office
experience also is completely technology
enabled a new workplace is very vibrant
and this is particularly true on account
of the bright lights that we have across
the office as well as the bright colors
the other aspect is that visitors now
are confined only to the ground floor
which means that all the other floors
personal spaces for employees are loaded
and that's a great thing we have got an
integrated Learning Center and I'll
really invite all of you to take full
advantage of all the facilities that
this office has to offer and more
importantly take care of it the place is
about people the colors the vibrancy is
for people the cafeteria is bigger
better with more choices so that they
don't eat on the hill outside I hope
they don't have to go there anymore the
juice machine is such a cool thing the
happy tree
please sit around that enjoy it but
everything that we've done in the office
is the choices were led by what will
people want thought of has been involved
with every decision anybody wants to
thank they should thank him for whatever
we have here for your chairs
everybody wanted good chairs we got new
workstations
we got colorful mugs I don't think
people have seen them as yet please
enjoy the workspace use it well
all of us not only the people who worked
on it but people who are here in this
office are all proud it's I think the
coolest thing I've ever seen
very nice so the new offices beyond
imagination our work is no longer
confined to the cubicles that we have
been allotted and the new office is very
vibrant very you know cheerful and
colorful and which brings in more you
know energy and productivity in
specially I love those benches yo it
gives me a feeling that I've got school
and I can be there do my work and this
board is happy weight has been worth and
you know amazing place is really cool
this is the kind of office you want to
jump out a way to come
[Music]